Uh.
I guess it is recording right?
Yeah, yeah, that's correct.
Yep.
Yeah, go ahead.
OK.
Also, I am preparing a something
that's like it has like a
different uh like versions name
with different thing like
sunwell is also known as we do
22 S 2 nickel and it has like a
Umm.
client versions available but
server is in development.
That I've done this for all.
Gotcha. OK.
Great.
Maybe if there's someone new
come he will not get so much
Yeah. Yeah. I also do not know
this. This message is pretty.
confused.
Yeah, like in FTE, I think we
are all have only server in TH
one only client. These we have
all both versions. So these are
That's it, OK.
the names.
And and some tips and tricks
that I, uh.
The that I initially got
confused during this while doing
this MSRC so like before running
because we have to set this
Umm.
things on and binary we can use
this sign command. But once this
signs sign command was not
working like it was not signing
the binary. So I used sign
tools.
And we have to like set us
signing on from admin mode and
some other things like uh, a
resale dot CMD we can run only
from a command prompt, not from
like PowerShell. So these few
pitfalls that you can fall.
So.
So for for I guess PowerShell
there is a rather dot PS1.
PS1, PS One, yeah, yeah. But
from Rs one to download, let
from downlevel platforms, it's
not, yeah.
There's no no PS1, right? Right.
Yeah, true.
So all these things are I'm what
I encountered so.
Yeah, good, good.
Uh.
You can like share the link in
case you want and we can like
Ah yeah.
put it in in the chair. Yeah.
Cool.
Ohh Peter to what I opened
because I wanted to see that
vibranium real element or not.
I guess it's just that wrong
that Marvel movies.
This.
So have you guys heard about a
channel called veritasium?
Anybody's aware?
Ohh yeah yeah I.
Veritasium yeah, Harry Potter, I
think no.
Yeah, so that.
No, no, no.
No, the veritasium is the like.
He's a like info info candidates
Yeah, I.
mainly.
I forgot his name. What is his
name?
OK. OK. OK.
I, Derrick, I guess some direct
something, right? I also do not
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
recall the complete name, but
direct something is like yeah
Yeah.
Like.
and and it's number is 420. So
I'm not sure if anybody is aware
of that 4:20, but yeah, somebody
asked him on the channel, is
this the real element? So he
told him no, it's it's just a
fictional word that he has
brought up.
OK.
Right. And I think rig with you
got it confused with the
veritaserum that is the.
Theorem. Yeah, yeah, yeah, that
I remember just now.
That's OK.
Are you a Harry Potter fan?
Regret.
Yeah, yeah, I have read like
I've had tried that order of
Phoenix other than I have read
all the books. Initially I first
read the books and then saw the
movies.
So.
So are you like a potterhead?
And not, I would say what red
was. But like I visit the JK
Rowling that website. What is
that?
The.
Umm to like read some more like
a side stories and all that.
OK, OK.
Yeah.
What is the portal head?
Support a potterhead is a person
who is like very much into this
Like a.
Harry Potter world and you know
they're they're like to collect
collectibles or or all these
merchandise. And they are very
much engrossed into Harry Potter
fans. Basically everything
related to that they will
discuss and all that.
Yeah.
But if Voldemort doesn't die,
and what if it's something like
Nice.
Whatever it has to say was.
that?
He should know all. All the
chance, yeah.
Yeah.
So actually you like Harry
Potter.
Yeah, I'm a potterhead.
Ohh nice.
Ohh.
OK, so As for the DTP request.
Yeah.
So this is a website, is there
actually I read from this so.
Yeah, that link.
I'll share.
I mean be needing that, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, you can share it in the
chat.
Fine.
And which is this?
Weekly tech.
Uh, techno must be on the top,
right?
Uh in the?
How did I message?
In the call link there will be
one.
Yeah, chat you can see.
Yet jacked and the calls chat
you can test.
OK, OK.
On the top.
So actually this is a very good
uh guide. So it has like all the
different here.
Ohh about.
No. OK, very.
How to create a DTP request?
Umm.
OK, OK.
So it has this link to this page
also this.
Where did you find this?
I search from like this, uh,
from here and elsewhere.
Pull from boys. Derrick. OK.
Yeah, actually I've been using
this for like many things. Uh,
for, like, setting up this
source depot and all that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Umm.
So it's very helpful.
OK.
So here we can put our bug bug
ID so it will fetch everything
Mm-hmm.
from this VSO like on the case
for my MSRC. Then we can select
a product. Let's say I'm working
for RS5 and we can put in the
kbid. Now KB ID we can get from
that.
Yeah, there's a that tool. So
the package ID, for example this
That.
RS5.
I'll just fight.
OK. BID OK we can obtain from
Gray matter also, right or no?
OK VKB ID. I thought I don't
think you can obtain from Gray
metric that knowledge base ID.
Correct. Yeah.
OK. So you are saying that it we
can get it from that tool?
Uh.
Yeah, because when your package
is built, it generates a like
knowledge base ID. This so my
this KVR tickle is this.
Ohk OK, OK.
OK. OK. OK.
Uh.
So I guess for like updated
change we have to use this you
know.
OK, you are not able to. Are you
able to say this?
Good.
Yeah, we we can see it.
Yeah, yeah, no, but I actually
regret so here, that KB article
You can see the.
Earlier also.
that comes in that I don't know
after the build, but I think in
the one that goes into this.
Oh oh, link is a dummy when I
don't think it is the one that.
Yeah, so ideally the KB article
should be, you know, captured
OK, OK.
from the.
A group item group work item for
the MSRC.
Yes.
OK, OK, actually I I use this
one.
But I think this is a
placeholder so it works also I
mean.
Uh-huh.
So I insert this.
The poor little something like
this. So since these are private
package I use for private for
testing in this sheet they are
mentioned that you can mention a
private for if you are doing
private testing. But if you are
doing like official MSU package
that is that LNU package or some
other package after they're
generated that you can use no.
Uh, so the difference?
OK.
So what? So sorry, sorry to
interrupt you. Right. So sorry.
Uh-huh.
Sure. Ashwini, can you clear one
thing? So for this KB idea, I I
suppose this KB ID should map to
the current changes or the
changed file that we have built,
right?
Otherwise, how would it test on
the latest?
It should, so it should map to
the.
Uh to the release KB article
that is there and that is, I
think, uh. Written in like
Sourish said that will be
written in the task group.
Yeah, got it. But if if that is
the case, so but we want to run
So that is.
this on our changes, right, the
changes that we have done the
Yes.
fix, so how will that will will
that come in the latest stages,
is it?
Uh, Rick?
That I think rigved can answer
because.
Uh.
So how do we?
I actually let me open open that
task group.
Yeah. Tell me.
No, no. So from the bug ID to it
can take right? Because in the
Uh.
bug we are whenever we are
pushing.
Private private testing actually
is not dependent on TV ID. You
But.
just give it to me when that
will work.
Ah.
Umm.
Changes have been to that
specific AB ID for private. I
think it can work because
anyways they are different. TBD
for different packages.
OK, so basically from the bug ID
only it will sing the PR right?
Or the code changes is it?
Actually we are providing it
that package also. So I will
show you.
At church church.
So I yeah, so I actually we are
providing the whole package
this, this, this dad package.
So we are providing it a whole
this thing.
This installer.
OK.
So it doesn't matter. It will
take all the updates from this.
OK.
Yeah, so after this, we can.
Yeah. So if you you are selected
is private, the options are
disabled. Now you can save
request and run AB ABS test
selection. So in this sheet I
they're mentioned that so it
will identify.
Of like from from this thing I
think from this information they
will identify where the code
changes are done like in which
area are done will take a test
accordingly like for example my
changes are done in register
area it will take like sorry
base area register area it will
take those tests accordingly. So
it will take some time like 5-10
minutes it takes around. So I'll
show from here my previous one.
And also it depends on which
version we are running. For
example in this PR I think
RS5RS5 it took only 10 tests but
in this Rs one it took around 26
tests.
And some were like client
version tests somewhere else.
Someone somewhere like a server
version test and different test
in 1920 took around like 41
tests. So it also depends on the
version that you are testing. So
here is a total jobs.
So these are all the test it
used.
OK, so you can see here this
enterprise version like client
version around four test and
other versions are. So it
mentioned that these are server
test kind of also. So it will
take some time.
There is that, huh?
This this is in progress. It
will take some time. So after
that in the in next step what we
do it asks us to provide a this
this package version. So where
we have to put this package
version we have to put inside
this.
The.
So here is a this will this path
we have to provide a private
packages inside this and we have
to give this link we have to
copy this link and put it inside
that that that input field which
we have given. So to put here
you have to gain access from a
DLL. So this is the DL.
Yeah. So it does, Vin XCX. FT
Group is a group in ID web that
you have to take permission from
and after they have given
permission then you can insert
this your file inside this
folder and then you can start to
testing.
OK.
Yeah. Yeah, so.
Hello my boss.
I'll be time over book.
This is my my thing. So you have
to you have to be like specific
Umm, let me.
you have to put inside R5 folder
for RS5. This is my KB ID and 64
you have to type in 64 if you
don't if you don't directly put
your that package file here not
inside the 64 it will show an
error.
In this uh DTP page itself, so
you have to put inside this and
then you have to take its path
and you have to paste there.
After that it will work.
These are on the different.
Of urgent where for RS5? These
are the different KB ID.
OK.
Yeah, that's all I think.
OK. I guess Ashwini you got
actually my connection broke in
between. So you got the steps
right.
Yeah, most of them, I got like
the I have, I have a few doubts
OK. OK, fine.
I think but those since we have
regret now then we can ask him
whenever needed.
Yeah, yeah. So once we are like
doing it, no. Yeah, we can ask
Umm.
Yeah.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah, yeah.
him.
Hmm.
OK. Thanks Rick with.
OK.
So I think I can talk about that
RPC legacy test failure.
Uh.
Welcome.
Uh.
Uh, yes. Sure. Please.
We were spending, I mean that
was due for some time, right?
Yeah.
Right, right.
So.
OK. So yeah, so as we know that
we own the RPC framework for
this. So whenever there is a
whenever we are like shipping
for MSRC, so it is also like our
job because we own that
component, it is our job to.
Uh, basically monitor if there
are any major test failures. So
I think in in for 9B.
Uh.
Also added nine bids right now
for 8B. That is in August. So
that time we got we observed
certain MTP test failure. So
like DTP required if you're
specially for you, if you're not
aware, MTP is the monthly test
pass that is like whole in you
can say unit testing plus
integration testing of all
components across Windows and
everything. So there are some
OK.
legacy tests that are that have
been written since.
This are busy component was
written.
So we observed that in one of
the test suits it was a test
suit of nine tests we were
observing that seven of them
were failing.
So now this is this becomes like
an emergency. Why? Because since
almost how many 20 years this
component like this whole
windows is in place. But these
tests we have never seen the
failure.
So it I think it was for the
first time that this was there.
So it so it the responsibility
naturally came to us to try edge
it and like look for it. So the
way we approached it is so 223
things here I want to say. So
first is we got aware about the
whole test framework like how
it, I mean how these tests are
run so.
1st is like we should be aware
about the vendor team which who
is responsible for carrying out
and firing those test jobs.
Ashwini just sharing anything I
mean.
No, no, not now. I haven't
shared in some time. So right
now I'm just telling some
background information.
So the first thing that we
should be aware about is the WTT
Yeah.
studio. So when this.
Uh, we got like the information
around this failure. The first
thing was they they just gave us
a job failure link. So now the
way this works is this vendor
team that corresponds to our
base team of.
WSD, they, uh, they have these.
Uh, machines like like for us in
India time Wipro is the is one
of the vendors and basically
they will they have this studio,
this software called the WTT
Studio. It is meant for this
Windows testing tool. It is
called.
So from that they uh that is
linked to a background of like a
lot of machines comprising of
physical machines and VM's. All
of this infrastructure is there
in the background and that is
linked to this, this, WT and
there is also one more term that
we should be aware of that is
the nebula VM.
So these two are used by these
vendor teams to test and monitor
this monthly test pass.
Sorry. Uh, sorry to disturb you,
but is this nebula VM?
So.
Yeah.
So this so when I said that we
have a set of physical machines
and the VM right on which we run
the tests.
Yeah.
So, uh, nebulas software is, uh,
nebulous. The name of that
software through which we gain
that access to those testing VM.
OK.
Uh, yeah. So whenever we have
this DTP or MTP failure, the
first thing that we would want
to see is the repro of that
failure.
Now, uh, getting that repro on a
local VM is almost next to
impossible like I think I spent
two days just to get a local
repro.
And it is very complicated. So
the.
The reason is that they like
there is a test binary that is
just needed to be run simply but
before for that test to run.
There are a lot of
configurations and very complex
configurations that go in the
back end, so we don't have a
place to like, reproduce those
configurations on our local VMS
and carry out the test. So that
is the first level of complexity
that.
Is there in this whole DTP MTP
part?
Uh. Which is why like.
Which is, which is what makes it
difficult. So which is why we
always generally need a vendor
team or to fire these jobs, or
to set these configs. But it is
possible to do that from the WTC
studio app that is there. So I
think one thing to to note from
this sync up is that.
Uh, we should.
Try to have this uh WTT setup on
our dev machines and we need to
learn how to fire these test
jobs, just like we learned for
DTP. So this for MTP. Also we we
should learn to do that.
The second thing to look at is
the WTL lock file. Now let me
just see if I still have it
locally.
Uh.
Ashwini so so this, uh MTP. It
starts automatically? Or do we
Yeah.
have to like submit some
requests like we do for DTP or?
Yeah, we have to submit that
request for for from that WTT
studio app.
WSD OK.
Yeah. So let me just.
Yeah.
Let me share my screen.
Yeah, so this WT or is also
known as Atlas Studio, so I will
paste the wiki link in the end
so the this is how you from
Hmm.
here. I mean you launch that
application locally.
And.
There will be so generally two
to get started with. They will
give you a a WTTW TTL file. So
WTL stands for I think this
thing Windows test log.
So let me see if I have that
file stored anywhere locally.
OK.
Ohh.
Better to search in this.
Yeah. So that there is this
file, but I don't think it is
that file which was there in the
failure logs of this MTP test
failure that we were working on.
But anyway to just to like give
you a brief intro this.
That is this WT file that WTL
file that we need to look at and
inside that there will be these
windows logs in which we will be
able to see the error logs of
the failing test.
And so that is one part we need
to understand. Then how did we
try edge it? So that is the
third part now. So we we knew
that this MTP test failure is
for the 8B release. So we went
and checked like there were a
total of 64 bugs that were 64
bugs for which the changes were
being released in the 8B
payload.
So from the error logs, first of
all we learned that this RPC
test suite is failing for some
security descriptor mismatch. So
that is first clue that we got
from the error logs.
2nd.
Sorry, security descriptor
mismatch means.
Yeah.
Yeah, so, uh. So actually
security descriptor is 1.
Ohh you can say it is a security
element that we attach to the
most of the data structures that
go into the making of the
operating system in general. So
this is the term that we use to
like set permissions or like
like access controlled for a
particular data structure to
define if it is a kernel more
data structure, user mode and
who and which process can go and
access that.
So.
OK, OK.
Yeah. So that is like uh, so
this security descriptor was
something that was being
accessed by a component. And
there that test was failing
because of some improper you can
say access parameters or
something.
So it the first clue was to look
at all the security related
files or the DLL's that were
being changed in the 8B payload.
So that was the first step. Then
second option was to look for
networking binaries. Any any
binaries that are related to
networking? Because in
networking also we use a lot of
these access control parameters
to like go expose secure
networks. So that's why.
And RPC also runs over the
network, so that was the second
clue. So luckily in the first
set of binaries that is anything
related to security, that is
something, I mean that is any
binary that the ENS, the
enterprise and security team.
Uh ships, so we, so I and Ravi,
we were closely working with the
vendor team on that. We
identified a set of binaries
that we should first look at. So
how did we exactly do it? So we
took the 8B payload that was the
machine that we were given by
the vendor team and it was known
to us that in the seven C with
the seven C payload, this test
is passing.
So the way to check it was we
keep swapping the binary like
for example let's say if if it's
the RPC for example RPC binary
that is failing. So for RPC the
binary name is RP CRT folder
DLL. So we take the location of
that DLL in the current machine
and swap it with these seven
CDLL.
So right now we have the 8B DLL,
but we swap it from the seven C
payload that we take from track
it and we swap it with that and
then run the test and check if
that is the failing binary.
So.
Uh, regret. Did it make sense?
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. So by doing this. Yeah. So
this is the way we triaged it.
Definitely.
And luckily I think in the first
three swaps, we could identify
that it was a binary from the NS
team, only msvc1underscore0.dll.
So that is how we the past the
baton to the Redmond team from
from where the DLL was getting
changed and then that team had
to go and fix their own change
and that's how the issue got
fixed.
Nice, good.
Yeah, yeah. Actually, one tool
that you mentioned that I guess
it was like to know the call
graph for all the components
that are being called from the
current component, right? So the
test.
You remember that tool which
gave us all the EXE that were
Uh.
required, like called by our
component.
Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah.
So, yeah. So that tool is.
You can mention that also, yeah.
Let me check that tool.
So I forgot the name of that.
Yeah, I also forgot the name.
Umm.
Thank you.
Is it dependency Walker?
You.
Ohh no no, not dependency Walker
so.
Me. Check. Ohh.
Yeah, I think I lost the name of
that tool, but.
Uh, I'll definitely share one
side. Remember that.
So.
And was to just know what all
components or the binaries that
are being called from are test
package right?
Ashwini.
Ohh.
Was it how long or depend?
No, I I'm not sure if that was
the thing that this I think it
was a.
Huh. So yeah, I remember the
name of the two letters. The
regression Finder tool.
Yeah, right.
Yeah. And for that tool exactly
does is. Yeah, I think Ravi, you
are right, it takes the payload,
the current payload and gives
the list of all the binaries
that have gone into that
payload, I think, yeah.
Ashwini, can you please tell me
also about this tool?
Uh, I don't know much about this
tool because I also like I I
didn't directly use it, use it.
So someone from the Redmond
team, his name is junrey. He
used this tool to get the list
of the binaries. I think it is a
PowerShell script only that tool
regression finders dot PS1 or
something like that.
OK.
So he just ran that there are
many settings in that and it's
some it's something complicated.
So I already had the list so I
didn't need to like go and run
that.
So yeah, I think we'll have this
information in some OneNote if I
Yeah.
find that OneNote, I will share
it here.
Yeah, other way we can do is one
thing is that it can give you a
Around.
you give the payload like the
basically the release week and
it will give all the changes
that have happened, right. One
way is that other way could be
you can directly go on the track
it and you can just open the
payload, right.
And you can check there all the
bugs that we are fixing in the
current build. All the current
release.
Yeah, yeah.
So that is a bit like a time
taking one. You have to click
one by one. All the bugs, bugs
and check which binary it is
referring to or it is fixing.
So that is I guess, automated
via regression Finder tool.
OK.
Yeah. OK.
OK.
So in case you get stuck with
the regression funder, you can
do this for you also.
OK. OK. Yeah. So if like you are
any of you are free to give me a
tutorial in this, I'll because
it looks like a good tool now
and this.
Yeah, yeah, rig with, but we
don't use it on a very daily
I guess we yeah, right.
basis. So that's why.
OK, OK.
Whatever we use.
Is we we have not even used it.
Actually right have we?
Yeah.
Got it correct. We didn't know
we didn't.
We have not used it. We just
came to know about this tool.
Why? So just wanted to mention
mention it here for the future
Yeah.
OK, OK.
references. Anybody in case
requires it so they should have
the info.
Hmm yeah.
Correct. Correct. Yeah.
OK. Thanks a lot Ashwini for the
information.
Yeah, it was good. Actually,
this MTV whole process now.
Yeah.
Shilpa.
Yeah.
The phone.
Yeah, no problem.
So you you mentioned that we
should like in the like first
kind of step or take away that
we should have like that our own
machines for testing now that
VMS and also.
Uh, so we should actually. No,
we can't have our own VM and
test suites. Why? Because like I
said, right?
The for the configurations to
run those tests to. Getting that
locally will itself be very time
time consuming. So what we can
instead do is learn to use that
Atlas studio.
Or we can learn to uh, fire a
test job from there, like how to
select a select the build like
for RS5 if we want to fire. So
whatever setting is to be done
through that UI that much we can
learn and keep handy it just in
case.
We want to like locally.
So I mean try these kinds of
issues.
OK, OK. So this Atlas two is our
own internal Microsoft.
Yes.
OK.
So just for awareness like we,
we should be aware what all
tools we need to keep handy,
right?
Yeah, yeah, definitely.
Right.
Yeah, right.
Uh.
OK, so nothing more from my side
then.
Well.
OK. Thanks a lot Ashwini. And I
guess we are pretty much like
Yeah. Thank you.
only 5 or 10 minutes are left.
So in case Reg you have any
doubt or Ashwini you have
anything to share other than
Yeah.
that we can stay otherwise we
can drop off.
Actually I'm a I'm ashwini and
all on a call for that unit
testing so.
Oh yeah, that unit testing
thing, right? We can discuss
Hmm.
that if you want here only.
Yeah. Yeah, we can. We can
discuss it.
Yeah.
OK, So what is the exact
question Revit?
OK, OK. One one second.
So actually this this unit test
was created by that feature
team.
For that MSRC 73570. So I want
to run this unit test like for
OK.
all the platforms. So I want to
ask you like how to do that?
OK. OK. OK.
So OK, I have not done this
before, but I think the way to
do this is.
But once you have this change in
your local tree, you are get the
Hmm.
build, so there will be an EXE
test EXE or something like that
that is supposed to take a
shape. So if I see this.
So like OK, your main changes in
the visualization were sorry
virtualization dot CPP.
Hmm.
Uh, so that is your main change
and the unit, where is the test?
It is in the test.
Best function Taf folder?
OK, so this virtualization dot
CPP is also kind of a test file
right then.
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Actually, it
contains all the tests. Like all
the registry tests here verify
or equal 32.
OK, got it. Got it.
Got it. So OK, so let.
So they are just added a one
test for that our MSRC.
OK, so I can try to answer this
question. Can you just paste
this link of this virtualization
dot CPP in the chat?
OK.
Yeah.
OK, thank you. Pasted the pull
request.
Link no, no problem. I'll take.
I'll take the link from there,
You.
OK.
So we usually don't do this unit
test.
For.
Like a for other MSRC like.
Ohh.
To rig like we have been seeing
like Updation in unit tests only
for the these registry MSRC
right? Ashwini for the past two
MSRC only we have seen that they
have changed the test cases for
Yes.
LPC and I guess for similar is
for RPC we do not see any
But it.
changes in the test cases.
Right.
Ohh.
So basically why they are doing
is this is in the history is
because they might have missed
this test case. So for future
references I guess they add a
test for this scenario also.
OK, OK.
But I guess the same is not
applicable for a LPC and RPC. So
because they are mostly the I
guess for at least for LPC they
are race conditions. So you
cannot like add a test case for
that.
We have to manually anyway have
to, like maneuver it.
OK, OK.
Yeah. So.
OK, so that's why I also note
that uh, that DTP tests are
there now for.
Yeah. So for these components,
they are already standard test
cases that are already written.
So we run that in TMP, yeah.
OK, OK.
Yeah. So for that
virtualization, CPP, what I'm
exactly trying to do is.
I'm trying to get the uh.
Ohh make fine for this test
binary so that we are able to
identify the test binary that.
Uh, that this gets compiled
into, so I'm sharing my screen.
Hmm.
And I'm just going to try
something in research so.
OK. Yeah.
Ohh.
Yeah, so here this is.
In those config.
What is this Inc file? I also
see many times.
So this is, uh, the one that uh
it it is the make file kind of
thing so.
Uh.
It's the in windows make system,
so in that whatever goals I
think that is the that is the
extension for that is sources.in
C.
OK.
Thank you.
Yeah, the makes makes system
that will be usually seen Linux
Hmm.
builds.
Yes.
OK, this is taking forever to
load. I don't know why.
So what I'm trying to do here is
that like insidesources.in C we
can see which binary this whole
thing gets compiled into. So
there is this gets mapped and
under the test folder. So let me
just see if that test folder is
somewhere here.
So here I think all the sources
are getting built OK.
All this is the config dot Lib.
I'll go one level down and try
to search.
Just in case.
So one thing where Ashwini I
guess what a test folder to
build. There must be some
special flag right? So some test
might be check might be there.
By default it might not be
building right test 1.
Ohh.
I think it will get built by
default also because the there
is in the in the PR that Rigved
shared, I don't see any.
Ohh flag or anything getting set
like for the test for the test
to compile right.
Yeah, but like they might be
controlling the compile time
only, no from the compile time
only.
That is something, yeah.
So like we used to, yeah, we can
check like I'm also so scheme.
Ashwini actually virtualization.
There is a velocity tag like W
if WSD feature present.
That is fine, so velocity tag.
Well, I mean that is fine like
that is not related to the test.
Anyway, like this is just.
So this test will go there, but
if you are locally you will
include this into your local
branch. Let's say for. See you.
So anyway, we are just what we
are discussing is that whether
Mm-hmm.
or not that test will get
compiled when you run DCP.
So we added discussing that if
there is a special flag or
something inside some make file
or inside this.
Ohh.
OK, OK.
Like that.
So basically rig to just explain
it up like a more. So once we
give a build command. So how
does that build command knows
what to build right? So there
must be some some like you can
say rules.
Yeah.
To be right, which which will
tell like build this file then
this file, then this file and
then pack it. All this into this
single EXE right? Something like
that.
Yes, yes.
So that is what we are
discussing. So maybe like we do
Yeah.
not like every time.
The but like, that's what we
were discussing in case the test
folder is also getting built by
default. Or do we provide any
special flag for it?
That's what we were discussing.
OK. Uh-huh.
And so I see a lot of test files
here.
So see this we see here it is
not built as part of the anti
build process and it may not be
compliant.
OK.
So.
Today.
Alright, let me check.
So at least I think this much we
know that this test won't get
built in the default setting.
Yeah.
Right. Uh, right, Ravi, like you
also feel the same, right? Yeah.
Right, right. Right. I should.
Yeah. At least from the
different scenes. So.
Correct.
In that case, I think what can
be done is that.
I guess we can directly ask the
feature team, right? Rick, did
But a good A.
you try connecting to them?
No, actually I had to do this
with Karthik earlier, Karthik
said. We will like.
Action.
So he's aware of these things,
OK.
We will do it together but.
Yeah, but then? Uh, then, uh. So
on Thursday on the ship room
day, I was busy with source repo
and lower platform validation.
So then I thought that maybe I
should try myself as the that
reading that OG Vicki.
So there is something mentioned
about this Taf test. Like you
OK.
can build it locally and you can
like do BCP and then a DLL file
will join it. Then you can use
VS test.
To run all the test case, but I
could not like.
That.
Make it work so that I thought
maybe I can ask you like so
actually I have a one-on-one
Karthik at 6:00 AM. CFE. Sorry.
OK.
Six just now 6:00 PM. So I'll
I'll ask him.
Sure.
Yeah. Yeah, sure. So yeah. So I
think here also right now and
Mm-hmm.
see what is coming. Just. Yeah.
So in this also, I think, uh,
this is taking some time. So we
can figure this out and get in
touch with the feature team and
ask them because.
He from the sources here.
Yeah, Mike.
Hmm.
As such, I'm not able to see
anything directly like which
binary, but we can get the name
of the test binary. I think that
much we can get, but how exactly
this test they run on the?
Ohh, on their VM to validate
that we can ask them.
Umm.
Yeah, yeah, correct.
OK.
Yep, I guess that will do.
So I I found the test binary
name. Let me just quickly share
and.
Then we can wrap up this call.
Yeah.
Yeah. So there's this one UT
under score or registry
functional.dll.
OK, OK.
OK, target destination. I think
I have a folder like this.
After build.
In the unit test name named as
unit test, right?
Yeah.
Yeah, unit test.
QTUTUT yes, UT yeah, there is a
function DLL file you UT
registry functional.dll.
That gets built, right? So yeah,
the.
You that gets built here.
So see. Yeah. So that is there
then, but then.
OK. Could you?
There will be. There will be no.
But how will you run the test?
So DLL you can't run directly
right? So.
Actually.
I can I can run actually. Uh,
let me share my screen.
Spoken.
Yeah. So in here in this OG
wiki.
They have mentioned that I can
use this command to run
directly, run this DLL files.
Where is this this VS test
console. The test DLL file path.
OK, OK.
So yeah, so it's just like that,
that.
Oh, OK.
I have to run a BCP so it's
already built this unit test
folder. This UT registry
function or DLL. Maybe I can try
Umm.
running this file.
OK, so OK, OK, got it.
For instance.
Yeah. So you can, yeah. And
yeah, you can try that and
You can try that and yeah.
update in the chat room, right.
But it but yeah.
Uh, yeah, yeah, sure.
Yes.
OK.
OK. And please share this link
also this unit testing link.
OK. Yeah.
Ah, OK yeah.
Yeah.
OK guys, I guess then we are.
OK.
Yeah.
OK. Thank you so much Ravi and
Ashwini.
Yeah. Yeah. Thank you everyone.
Thank you. Thank you. Love. You
look great. Yeah.
OK, bye.
Bye.